Able to kill once with private power
Destroy the four immortals of the previous dynasty
He can also be promoted to Zhenbei officers and survived unscathed
Tell me who you are
I said it.
After three days, the true capital will be revealed
OK.
You compare me to those bad guys
In vain, I still help you
Her Majesty the Princess
I must say, I'm a real grave sweeper.
Are you still willing to bother me like this?
From my use of the Holy Dragon Group
Gather the resources of your enemies for you to start
I'm already standing behind you unswervingly
i
You are really handsome.
I just hope Daxia
It is a summer full of words and justice
Please call the shots for my husband and wife
Liu Shuai Shuai
What are you doing here?
Leave him alone.
Please call the shots for my husband and wife
My ex-husband, Li Xuan, is a terrible criminal
Find someone to impersonate the Suzaku God of War
Twice shot the soldiers of the Zhengbei Army
Ask God to come out of the mountain
At my wedding tomorrow
Call the shots for my husband and wife
How do you know that God will definitely help you?
You harmed the leader of Zheng Beijun twice
Harming the people's livelihood of Zheng Beijun
Who says there are a few people who don't care?
Put away your pitiful justice
In the face of absolute power
Your right and wrong, good and evil, shit, no
I must let you do this for you tomorrow
Regret what God has done
OK
We'll see won't we.